Natalie Austin: Lisa
Lisa goodwill: Hi.
Lisa goodwill: How are you
Very
Lisa goodwill: Good.
Natalie Austin: Something going on me. Okay.
Lisa goodwill: Yeah, you're kind of breaking out a little bit. There we go.
Lisa goodwill: Here we go better
Natalie Austin: The box on therapy.
Lisa goodwill: Yeah. So have you checked therapy, I think, or
Lisa goodwill: Whatever it's called
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I don't even have even a treatment before
Lisa goodwill: No.
Natalie Austin: Not just brand new for you.
Lisa goodwill: Yes, Brett brand new. I have no clue what I'm doing.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: How long have you been on opioids.
Lisa goodwill: Well, my brother died.
Lisa goodwill: Oh, five years ago today. And that's what really kicked it on for me was right after my brother died, and I got on Percocet.
Lisa goodwill: Okay then. And then one of my friends told me sub you tech will help me get off the Percocet. So I tried that and then I'm have it's like I took a monkey off my back and edit a gorilla to it by doing this. Have you taken said just quitting Percocet.
Lisa goodwill: So I just need help quitting this heavy
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We take it again milligrams twice a day.
Lisa goodwill: Of which one man.
Natalie Austin: The sub tasks.
Lisa goodwill: Um, I don't know how much it was
Lisa goodwill: I would take at first it was taken like to
Lisa goodwill: Explain because I don't know the milligram of it.
Lisa goodwill: It's an oblong ones I used to take like two of them a day but I got it knocked down to where I'm down to at least one a day.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Lisa goodwill: Yeah, I've been trying to knock it down.
Lisa goodwill: Myself, but I just don't want to hurt the baby.
Natalie Austin: So all right, how many weeks.
Natalie Austin: Are you
Lisa goodwill: Do for any moment.
Natalie Austin: Okay, nine months.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Lisa goodwill: And I just heard about you not too long ago. So I was like, well, I better try something.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We'll get you started on that.
Lisa goodwill: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: What is your, what's your past medical history, any diabetes, hypertension,
Lisa goodwill: No, the only thing I really have is asthma and that really don't affect me too much anymore. Nowadays, anyhow.
Natalie Austin: Okay past surgeries any surgeries.
Lisa goodwill: Just to get for molars removed. That's all I'm
Lisa goodwill: already pretty clear.
Lisa goodwill: Yeah, long time ago, long time ago. Yes.
Lisa goodwill: Yes, yes, my
Natalie Austin: tonsils and everything.
Lisa goodwill: Yes, ma'am, yes ma'am.
Natalie Austin: How about you said your gallbladder.
Lisa goodwill: Yes, ma'am.
Lisa goodwill: Yes, I got
Natalie Austin: Family history.
Natalie Austin: Family history, your parents still alive.
Lisa goodwill: Yeah. Both my parents are still alive and
Lisa goodwill: My dad had to have his appendix removed because it got infected and it exploded.
Lisa goodwill: Had a bag.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, let's take a little break here.
Lisa goodwill: Let me
Natalie Austin: Call right back. Okay.
Lisa goodwill: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Very much.